Frontend Refactor: Streaming tags (#3460)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/operations/tempo_cli.md

Streaming over HTTP requires the `stream_over_http_enabled` flag to be set. For more information, refer to [Tempo GRPC API documentation]({{< relref "../api_docs" >}}).
{{% /admonition %}}

### Search tags
Call the Tempo API and search attribute names.

```bash
tempo-cli query api search-tags <host-port> [<start> <end>]
```
Arguments:
- `host-port` A host/port combination for Tempo. The scheme will be inferred based on the options provided.
- `start` Start of the time range to search: (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss)
- `end` End of the time range to search: (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss)

Options:
- `--org-id <value>`      Organization ID (for use in multi-tenant setup).
- `--use-grpc`            Use GRPC streaming
- `--path-prefix <value>` String to prefix search paths with

{{% admonition type="note" %}}
Streaming over HTTP requires the `stream_over_http_enabled` flag to be set. For more information, refer to [Tempo GRPC API documentation]({{< relref "../api_docs" >}}).
{{% /admonition %}}

### Search tag values
Call the Tempo API and search attribute values.

```bash
tempo-cli query api search-tag-values <tag> <host-port> [<start> <end>]
```

> Arguments:
> - `host-port` A host/port combination for Tempo. The scheme will be inferred based on the options provided.
> - `tag` The fully qualified traceql tag to search for. e.g. `resource.service.name`
> - `start` Start of the time range to search: (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss)
> - `end` End of the time range to search: (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss)
> 
> Options:
> - `--org-id <value>`      Organization ID (for use in multi-tenant setup).
> - `--use-grpc`            Use GRPC streaming
> - `--path-prefix <value>` String to prefix search paths with

Reviewer: This is the kind of thing you might consider using a [definition list](https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#definition-lists), which is supported by Hugo. That the top item (the term) is bold, and the definition appears underneath. 

```suggestion
Arguments:
`host-port` 
: A host/port combination for Tempo. The scheme will be inferred based on the options provided.

`tag` 
: The fully qualified traceql tag to search for; for example: `resource.service.name`

`start`
: Start of the time range to search: (`YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss`)

`end`
: End of the time range to search: (`YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss`)

Options:
`--org-id <value>`
: Organization ID (for use in multi-tenant setup).

`--use-grpc`
: Use GRPC streaming

`--path-prefix <value>`
: String to prefix search paths with
```
